[Music]
that's fine
I can break through walls I just get how
many times you save the world and always
manages to get back in jeopardy again I
feel like the maid I just cleaned up
this mess if we keep it clean for I'm
talking my game I'm right up there with
the big dogs girls come on
leave the sake of the world to the men
fix up super ladies they're always
trying to tell you this secret identity
thank you strengthen the relationship
with something like
at nap mode your sword can stretch as
far as you can and still retain its
shape virtually indestructible and
machine washable tiling that's a new
feature
[Music]
[Applause]
message complete stand back
[Music]
you